# Retweet Twitter
The goal of this data challenge is to study and apply machine learning/artificial intelligence techniques to a real-world regression problem. In this regression problem, your mission is to build a model that can accurately predict the number of retweets a tweet will get. We provide a novel Twitter dataset with the 2022 French presidential election as the central topic. The tweets used for building this dataset date from February 14, 2022 to April 5, 2022. This dataset1 corresponds to a large and coherent corpus consisting of small pieces of text related to the election candidates and major events during their campaigns. More specifically, it contains tweet-related information, such as the text and the number of hashtags, mentions and URLs contained in the tweet, and user-related information, such as the number of followers and tweets that the user has published. This setting poses several challenges ranging from data cleaning/preprocessing to model design and hyperparameter tuning. Your solution can be based on both supervised and unsupervised learning techniques. You should aim for a minimum Mean Absolute Error (MAE), i.e., the MAE will be the loss function we use to evaluate your models. This data challenge is hosted on Kaggle as an in-class competition. In order to access the competition you must have a Kaggle account. If you do not have an account you can create one for free. The URL to register for the competition and have access to all necessary material is the following:
https://www.kaggle.com/t/781ae6df09734303a73185dd3aafe0fd

